add new rule around exchange opportunities (#6417)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/page/organizing.md

- Inclusiveness and respect for differences are core devops values, and we invite you to help us make each devopsdays event a place that is welcoming and respectful to all participants. Your event will need to have a code of conduct.
- These are community events, so your event must have an open call for proposals and accept registrations from the general public. Internal devops events focused on a specific organization or curated events with all speakers privately selected are wonderful and we encourage them, but they won't be listed as "devopsdays" events on this site.

> - You must look for ways to create opportunities for conversation and collaboration during the event. Traditionally, this is done through the use of [open spaces](https://www.devopsdays.org/open-space-format/), but it can take many forms. Other examples include (but are not limited to) interactive workshops, attendee-led roundtables, office hours, birds-of-a-feather groups, and Q&A sessions.

Author: ```suggestion
- You must look for ways to create opportunities for conversation and collaboration during the event. Traditionally, this is done through the use of [open spaces](https://www.devopsdays.org/open-space-format/), but it can take many forms. Other examples include (but are not limited to) attendee-led roundtables, office hours, birds-of-a-feather groups, Q&A sessions, and workshops with robust attendee interaction.
```

Author: > Other examples include (but are not limited to) attendee-led roundtables, office hours, birds-of-a-feather groups, Q&A sessions, and workshops with robust attendee interaction.

@KrisBuytaert @bridgetkromhout ?

> - You must look for ways to create opportunities for conversation and collaboration during the event. Traditionally, this is done through the use of [open spaces](https://www.devopsdays.org/open-space-format/), but it can take many forms. Other examples include (but are not limited to) attendee-led roundtables, office hours, birds-of-a-feather groups, Q&A sessions, and workshops with robust attendee interaction.

Reviewer: We strive to engage every attendee to be an active participant in these events. To this effort, create opportunities for conversation and collaboration during the event. Traditionally, this is done through [open spaces](https://www.devopsdays.org/open-space-format/), but it can take many forms. Other examples include (but are not limited to) attendee-led roundtables (using [lean coffee](http://leancoffee.org/) or other style of facilitation), office hours, birds-of-a-feather groups, Q&A sessions, and workshops with robust attendee interaction.

Author: I like where you're going with this, but I feel that it's too long. Imho, If we want to get into the details, that's what the kick-off call and supplementary data on the site is for.

Reviewer 2: Agreed that this is a lot of detail for a "rules" overview. Let's revisit this when we next revise all the "how-to".

Reviewer: I think some of the other rules express what the value is followed by the rule. For example "Inclusiveness and respect for differences are core devops values, and we invite you to help us make each devopsdays event a place that is welcoming and respectful to all participants. Your event will need to have a code of conduct." Here is our value followed by the rule. I was trying to provide the value "attendees are active participants" followed by the rule "Create opportunities for conversation and collaboration".
